.TH cream-test-monitored-cancel "1" cream-test-monitored-cancel "GLITE Testsuite"

.SH NAME:
cream-test-monitored-cancel \- submit and cancel a sequence of jobs

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cream-test-monitored-cancel
[OPTION] -R | --resourceURI RESOURCEURI

.SH DESCRIPTION
Submit a given number of jobs with a specified rate and then try to cancel them. The status of each job is monitored polling the service. The test keeps a given number of job running on the CE.

.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB-D\fR, \fB--delegationType\fR
STRING

.IP
specify the delegation management type: single, one delegated proxy for all submissions,or multiple, one delegated proxy per job (DEFAULT is single)
.PP
.HP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR


.IP
Print the man pages for this command
.PP
.HP
\fB--interactive\fR


.IP
Enable the test control via terminal (EXPERIMENTAL)
.PP
.HP
\fB-j\fR, \fB--jdl\fR
STRING

.IP
define the path for the jdl file, if omitted a predefined jdl will be used with simple sleep as executable (5 times the rate)
.PP
.HP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--logConf\fR
STRING

.IP
Set the location of the configuration file for log4py, (DEFAULT as provided by log4py)
.PP
.HP
\fB-C\fR, \fB--maxConcurrentSubmit\fR
NUMBER

.IP
define the number of concurrent submit, (DEFAULT is 1)
.PP
.HP
\fB-m\fR, \fB--maxRunningJobs\fR
NUMBER

.IP
set the max number of job which can be enqueued in the service (DEFAULT 100)
.PP
.HP
\fB--nopurge\fR


.IP
Disable the purge operation for all jobs submitted (CRITICAL)
.PP
.HP
\fB-n\fR, \fB--numberOfJob\fR
NUMBER

.IP
set the number of jobs to submit (DEFAULT 1)
.PP
.HP
\fB-Q\fR, \fB--queryType\fR
STRING

.IP
speficy the polling mechanism used for retrieving the status of the jobs.
The supported types are event (new event query), list (internal job list used) or timestamp (query by timestamp). The default is event.
.PP
.HP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--rate\fR
NUMBER

.IP
set the sleep time in seconds between two polling operations (DEFAULT 30s, Min 5s)
.PP
.HP
\fB-R\fR, \fB--resourceURI\fR
STRING

.IP
define the URI of the resource under testing, the format is <host>[:<port>]/cream-<lrms>-<queue>. This option is mandatory and no default value is defined
.PP
.HP
\fB--sotimeout\fR
NUMBER

.IP
Socket timeout in seconds (DEFAULT 30s)
.PP
.HP
\fB--valid\fR
STRING

.IP
set the voms-proxy duration in the format HH:MM (DEFAULT 00:10)
.PP
.HP
\fB--vo\fR
STRING

.IP
set the VO name to be used for the test; this parameter is mandatory whenever X509_USER_CERT and X509_USER_KEY are defined, no default is available
.PP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B GLITE_LOCATION
location of gLite packages (DEFAULT=/opt/glite)
.
.TP
.B X509_USER_PROXY
location of the user proxy
.
.TP
.B X509_USER_CERT
location of the user certificate, this variable has priority upon the X509_USER_PROXY variable
.
.TP
.B X509_USER_KEY
location of the user private key. The key must be protected by a passphrase.
.
.TP
.B MONITORED_CANCEL_CONFIG_FILE
location of the configuration file for this test. The configuration file contains a list of properties (the format is key=value); the set of keys correspond to the set of the long options of this test
.
